README.md, before:

# OpenHPC Test Cluster

This repository provides the utilities necessary for quickly building an OpenHPC
test cluster using VirtualBox VMs and Vagrant.

## Prerequisites

Install the following software.

- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
- [VirtualBox Oracle VM VirtualBox Extension Pack](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)

## Building and Running

To build a cluster of `$N` nodes, where `1 <= $N <= 10`, run:

    make NCOMPUTES=$N

A directory named `cluster` will be built. Change into the `cluster` directory
before running subsequent commands.

To start the SMS, run:

    vagrant up

Provisioning the first time will take approximately ten minutes. Once the SMS is
running, you can SSH into it:

    vagrant ssh

Compute nodes are named `c1`, `c2`, ..., `c$N`. For any given compute node, say
`c$i`, you can start it with:

    vagrant up c$i

When booting compute nodes, Vagrant will be unable to communicate with them as
they only have an internal network. Ignore the error message Vagrant spits out
after 10 seconds of booting. The SMS will provision the compute nodes, which
will take approximately two minutes.

The ordinary Vagrant `halt`, `destroy`, and `status` commands may be useful as
well.

Commit message:

Move Slurm setup instructions to different script.

README.md, after:

# OpenHPC Test Cluster

This repository provides the utilities necessary for quickly building an OpenHPC
test cluster using VirtualBox VMs and Vagrant.

## Prerequisites

Install the following software.

- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
- [VirtualBox Oracle VM VirtualBox Extension Pack](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads)
- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)

## Building and Running

To build a cluster of `$N` nodes, where `1 <= $N <= 10`, run:

    make NCOMPUTES=$N

A directory named `cluster` will be built. Change into the `cluster` directory
before running subsequent commands.

To start the SMS, run:

    vagrant up

Provisioning the first time will take approximately ten minutes. Once the SMS is
running, you can SSH into it:

    vagrant ssh

If you are doing Slurm development, you can run the following script to start up
Slurm and establish some default accounting settings.

    /vagrant/setup-slurm.sh

Compute nodes are named `c1`, `c2`, ..., `c$N`. For any given compute node, say
`c$i`, you can start it with:

    vagrant up c$i

When booting compute nodes, Vagrant will be unable to communicate with them as
they only have an internal network. Ignore the error message Vagrant spits out
after 10 seconds of booting. The SMS will provision the compute nodes, which
will take approximately two minutes.

The ordinary Vagrant `halt`, `destroy`, and `status` commands may be useful as
well.
